# rOpenserver 0.1.0.9007
* Hello World examples for Prosper and GAP

# rOpenserver 0.1.0.9006
* Hide `RDCOMClient` function `createCOMReference()` with `@keywords internal`

# rOpenserver 0.1.0.9005
* Stick to R6 style for initialization `OpenServer$new()`
* Improve unit tests
* Copy models for testing
* Do not test R6 to S3 methods that were generated by `R62S3` because they are stored in in a local environment.


# rOpenserver 0.1.0.9004
* After copying the example in `README` to a unit test, getting this error when using this form of `DoCmd` and `DoGet`: `DoCmd(prosper_server, open_cmd)`.
Here is the output:

```
> library(rOpenserver)
> 
> test_check("rOpenserver")
-- 1. Error: README code behaves the same in tests (@test_readme.R#26)  --------------------------------------
object 'open_cmd' not found
Backtrace:
 1. R62S3:::DoCmd(prosper_server, open_cmd)
 4. private$get_app_name(command)
 5. base::toupper(string_value)
```

This form of command using S3 dispatch works in the **README** but fails in the unit tests. Why? Even adding `object` as an argument to the method in the `OpenServer` class doesn't help either. Because the package `R62S3` conveniently generates the S3 methods for R6 classes but through the environment, which is not available at unit test time.

* Recompiling `testthat` from source
* Add simple test to check `DoCmd` works. It doesn't. Still getting error at the unit test.

# rOpenserver 0.1.0.9003

* Documenting function `setOpenServer` that acts as a OpenServer constructor. 


# rOpenserver 0.1.0.9002
* trying with different option to obtaina constructor of `OpenServer` without using `OpensServer$new()`. Attempts unsuccesful witout sacrificing documentation, and renaming main class to `.OpenServer`, that is *dot OpenServer*
* Added a `NEWS.md` file to track changes to the package.


# rOpenserver 0.1.0.9000
* The original `openserver` package works fine but didn't have any roxygen2 documentation.
